docs(sources): add integrations directory with 31 source pages (ETL-980) (#739)
glassflow/clickhouse-etl: docs/app/sources/iceberg/page.mdx

---

> title: 'Apache Iceberg'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Apache Iceberg®'
```

> description: 'Ingest data from Apache Iceberg tables into ClickHouse with GlassFlow'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Ingest data from Apache Iceberg® tables into ClickHouse with GlassFlow.'
```

---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

> # Apache Iceberg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Apache Iceberg®
```

> Apache Iceberg is a high-performance table format for data lakes that brings reliability and SQL-like consistency to large-scale analytics. It supports schema evolution, time travel, and efficient querying over massive datasets stored in object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Iceberg® is a high-performance table format for data lakes that brings reliability and SQL-like consistency to large-scale analytics. It supports schema evolution, time travel, and efficient querying over massive datasets stored in object storage.
```

> ## Using Apache Iceberg with GlassFlow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Apache Iceberg® with GlassFlow
```

GlassFlow can ingest data from Iceberg tables into ClickHouse with the same pipeline capabilities available to all GlassFlow sources — deduplication, joins, filtering, and stateless transformations.

<Callout type="info">

> **Available on request.** Apache Iceberg connectors are supported natively via the GlassFlow Enterprise Edition. To get started, [join our GlassFlow Slack community](https://glassflowhub.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-349m7lenp-IFeKSGfQwpJfIiQ7oyFFKg) to chat directly with our team, or [reach out](https://www.glassflow.dev/integrations#contact) to us with your use case, expected volumes, and timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Available on request.** Apache Iceberg® connectors are natively supported in GlassFlow Enterprise Edition. To get started, [join our GlassFlow Slack community](https://glassflowhub.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-349m7lenp-IFeKSGfQwpJfIiQ7oyFFKg) to chat directly with our team, or [reach out](https://www.glassflow.dev/integrations#contact) to us with your use case, expected volumes, and timeline.
```
